# Boring-App
Many times we are faced with a situation where we do all the obligations and do not know what to do. We get bored.
Our job was to implement a web application that will help users overcome boredom. Allow people to register who will add activities they do when they are bored. The registration should contain basic information about the person and his hobbies and interests, on the basis of which certain activities already entered are automatically suggested to him (a list of suggestions according to interests / hobbies should be placed on the page accordingly). The profile can be edited (adding / deleting interests / hobbies). The form for adding activities should consist of the name of the activity, description, photos, area to which the activity belongs (activity areas should be re-defined by the administrator) ... Registered user can add more activities (edit, delete, ... ). A registered user should be able to rate the activities of other users, and can also add an individual activity to favorites.
Also, allow registered users to chat with the creator of the activity, from which they can learn more. You can use the chat feature of one of the third party providers.
It often happens that certain activities cannot be carried out due to the insufficient number of participants. Therefore, add a form to registered users, through which they can enter activities that require a larger number of people (it should consist of the name of the activity, description, photos, area to which the activity belongs, number of participants, location ...). Enter these activities in the shared calendar, which is available to all registered users (you can use Google Calendar, ...). When clicking on such an activity, the login option should be displayed (if there are still vacancies). The creator of this activity is notified by e-mail about the registration (also add the data of the registered user). You can also show these activities to unregistered users, but they must register before logging in to the activity itself.
The central part of the first page of the web application should be a dynamic questionnaire, through which the visitor of the page (registered and unregistered) will be directed to the activity that suits his wishes. The questionnaire should consist of several logical sequential questions, from which it is possible to determine which activity or area would be appropriate for a particular user. Po
After completing the questionnaire, the user should be shown a list of all activities (arranged by relevance / popularity) that correspond to his wishes / interests.
